Add Injective tutorial (#34)
streamingfast/firehose-docs: firehose-setup/injective/single-machine-deployment.md

To avoid data corruption issues, you will deploy two Firecore processes:
- **Process 1** will run the following components: `firehose`, `substreams-tier1` and `substreams-tier2`.
- **Process 2** will run the following components: `reader-node`, `merger` and `relayer`.

These two processes will share the same folder to persist the data, which is called `firehose-data` by default. It is important that both processes have concurrent access to the data folder.

1. Create a new folder, which you will be used to host all the Firehose data generated by the extraction.
**Make sure the folder has enough permissions to persist data in the filesystem.**

```
$ mkdir my-injective-firehose
```

1. Create the configuration file for _Process 1_, called `firehose-substreams.yaml`:

```yaml
start:
  args: # 1.
  - firehose
  - substreams-tier1
  - substreams-tier2
  flags:
    common-first-streamable-block: 72560211 # 2.
    common-live-blocks-addr: localhost:10014 # 3.
    substreams-tier1-block-type: sf.cosmos.type.v2.Block # 4.
    substreams-tier1-grpc-listen-addr: :9000 # 5.
```
1. Specifies the components to spin up.
2. Specifies the first block to stream.

> 3. Specifies the port where other Firehose processes should communicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Specifies the address where to reach the `relayer` component running in its own isolated Firehose process.
```
